Oh man. Where to start. I didn't work with dead people but I did work at a church as a janitor, and holy smokes were there some creepy things that went down there. So I guess I'll count this as "working with dead people".

I only had 1 real "encounter" that I know of while working there, which I'll tell you about. But after I had my experience I was freaked out enough that I told my coworkers at the time about it. They all confirmed that there were spooky things that happened there all the time, and that I wasn't alone. They said there were times where they'd go down the hallway and all the doors down the 100 foot long corridor would all be closing and other creepy stuff like that.

But the only encounter I had was on a Wednesday night. I was supposed to close up the church at around 10 pm. But about 9 pm I'd start closing up the secondary building (Which was an addition built in the 1960s that had teaching spaces and a gym in it). This is where the event happened. Like usual I locked up the first building and chained it from the inside (it was still accessible through two doors: one in the gym, and one in the right front of the building).

The building is divided basically into thirds, with entryways at the 1/3 mark, on each side of the building. So these were the ones I chained. Anyway, I did all this while the main service was finishing up. After everybody else had gone home, I went back to the secondary building to lock the final door and leave through the gym to go home.

But I noticed some lights on ... in the opposite end of the building. Upstairs.

So I was creeped out at this point. But I went in the remaining unlocked door on the right, front of the building. Unlocked the door at the end of the hallway to walk to the other 1/3.

Now, at these entries, I need to note there are stairs that go upstairs. But they're half-level stairs with a small landing. This is important. Each of these entries/stairways have light switches on the bottom and top floors. So when I undeadbolted the door to get into the stairwell, i turned the light on downstairs. I got up to the landing and the light turned off. These were hardswitches that required physically switching, not autolights. So it was weird that it turned off. I decided that I would just turn it on upstairs rather than go back downstairs again.

So I get to the top of the stairs, and TOUCH the light switch there and the light turns back on on its own. I was freaked out at this point bc I hadn't switched the switch and the timing was too perfect. 

I went to turn off the light upstairs that was originally on (which was an autolight that probably got tripped by a mouse or something), then I decided to quickly check that wing for any other lights and got the heck out. Deadbolted everything, chained it all and decided it was time to go home. As I was driving out of the parking lot I noticed a separate light was on in a different part of the building, and I promptly said "fuck it, the ghosts can have the lights tonight". I went home and then told my coworkers about it the next time i saw them. They confirmed nearly uniformly that there was SOMETHING living in the church that wasn't an angel, or a demon. All this stuff about UFOs now makes me wonder what else might be true from my past. 

I sure hope all that made sense. I didn't proofread this or anything and I know the building layout is complicated.